what's up everyone John Ranger from
technobuffalo Here I am with the 1+2
want to know everything about the
oneplus two hands on with it put a link
to that down below but I thought what's
a phone launch at a little friendly
competition so I present to you the
oneplus and Samsung's latest the galaxy
s6 see what they look like side by side
maybe decide which one might be right
for you so obviously you can see some
size differences here between the two
from a screen size standpoint you got
5.1 versus 5.52 k vs 1080p here on the
one plus two on the back long stories
here as well 13 megapixel sensor with 0
is on the back of the 1+2 i gotta start
saying two instead of one for this guy
and on the galaxy s6 you've got a 16
megapixel sensor living on that other
notable differences of course you look
at the right hand side of the phones
you're going to have just a power button
on the s6 and you have your volume
button and power button here on the
oneplus 2 on the left you've got a
profile switcher and meet notifications
and then that's where your volume
buttons are very similar looking on the
bottom oh this is of course USB type-c
versus micro USB and headphone ports are
just reversed on both phones noticeable
similarities and differences no
expandable storage on either this is
going to come standard 64 this what you
can get I mean in 10 different size 32
64 or 128 no NFC on board the 1+2 as
well as no expandable storage but you
are going to get dual sim something
you're really not going to get on the
typical use US carrier version of the
galaxy s6 material wise difference as
well you've got glass on the front and
back this is going to ship with a
sandstone black finish similar to what
we saw on the oneplus one but you can
get different back covers for it there
are four different ones aside from the
one it's going to ship with so you can
change it up if you want some variety
other differences in simulators of
course you've got a physical home button
that will push it all serves your
fingerprint sensor this one does not
push it its capacity but it is a
fingerprint sensor we've not yet be able
to test how fast it's going to work as
you guys decide what phones right
through I figure you might do some crush
up and you figure out which one's going
to be best suiting you is probably be
two likely candidates which
are you going to pick up if you had to
pick one phone which one would it be
leaving the comments down below the next
time John Ranger from TechnoBuffalo you
guys next video buh-bye